Wake up, my lord
Come on, sir, get the doctor
And tear down this broken basement for me
prince
Lord, wake up
Your Highness, you are always stubborn with me
Why can't you be good?
Young master
The young grandmother's father is here
He is clamoring to see you.
Take care of the young lady
Is there anything urgent about the visit of the father-in-law?
Nothing serious.
I just came to see you and Xiaoyan
Then go back now that you've finished reading it.
Didn't Xiaoyan tell you?
Say what?
Today, both of them are closed with me.
What's clear
What about money?
8 million
Since your daughter married into the Lu family
You keep asking for a lot of money
Today, it is 800 as soon as you open your mouth.
What makes you think I'll give you a good son-in-law?
You are wrong
We are all family
And Xiaoyan promises to get 8 million within three days
He had a plan for you in the morning
Yeah, did he forget to mention it?
He not only did not forget
He also took great pains to play a bitter problem with me
Dad, why are you here?
If father-in-law doesn't come
How do I know I've been deceived by you again?